Don't dream that your parents are working as waiters in a hotel
After he was fired from the night market
So far he has not found a job
Going abroad
Pure nonsense
Ok, I know.
And
International architect Jason has accepted the invitation
He's going to the 10th anniversary dinner of the night market
Great, Jason is a legend.
I will definitely win cooperation with him.
Let the night market stand on the international stage
To my contract
It's a luminous contract.
Gotta get under the covers
I have a girlfriend.
This is not appropriate
It's good to talk to your body
Zhiyuan, don't you want to change the taste?
I have a lack of appearance
Not very much.
I, Ye Qiuyan, have cuckolded you
You still think of him?
I am the daughter of the Ye family
If you marry me, you will be the uncle of the richest man in Ye
You seduced me first
From now on, everything you have belongs to me.
Tap Ye Qiuyan, you lost
When are you going to talk to that woman?
Just wait.
I've got a thousand dollars.
You made me wait
Ye family daughter
How could I fail you?
Don't worry.
I will definitely dump that woman
Hey
Zhiyuan, can we talk?
Does Chat Zhiyuan have an action list on the bed? Hahaha